Update the guide for deploying Metabase in Elastic Beanstalk (#14273)
metabase/metabase: docs/operations-guide/running-metabase-on-elastic-beanstalk.md

    - [Upload a Server Certificate](#upload-a-server-certificate)
    - [Setup DNS CNAME (using AWS)](#setup-dns-cname-using-aws)
    - [Modify Metabase to enforce HTTPS](#modify-metabase-to-enforce-https)
- [Setting the JVM Timezone](#setting-the-jvm-timezone)
- [Using Papertrail for logging on AWS](#using-papertrail-for-logging-on-aws)

# Running Metabase on AWS Elastic Beanstalk

AWS Elastic Beanstalk has been a platform for easily deploying Metabase for a long time, however, we have changed this guide in order to provide better support and prevent users from using features from Elastic Beanstalk that might prevent them from scaling easily in the future

### Quick Launch

Metabase provides a pre-configured Elastic Beanstalk launch URL to help you get started with new installations. If you are starting fresh we recommend you follow this link in a new tab to begin creating the Elastic Beanstalk deployment with a few choices pre-filled. Then just follow the step-by-step instructions below to complete your installation.

[Launch Metabase on Elastic Beanstalk](https://downloads.metabase.com/{{ site.latest_version }}/launch-aws-eb.html)

> We will need to update to this link though: https://console.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/home?region=us-east-2#/newApplication?applicationName=Metabase&platform=Docker&environmentType=LoadBalancing&tierName=WebServer&instanceType=t3a.small&withVpc=true

Reviewer: Nope, we need to replace the launch-aws-eb.html redirection once this is approved

After clicking the launch URL, you should see a screen that looks like this:

![Elastic Beanstalk First Screen](images/EBFirstScreen.png)

> _NOTE: If this screenshot doesn't match what you see in the Elastic Beanstalk console, it's likely that you are on an old version of the Elastic Beanstalk UI. If you need to, you can [view our older AWS EB documentation](running-metabase-on-elastic-beanstalk-old.md)._

Reviewer: I took it out on the latest commit

  - [Step 1 - Creating the Application](#step-1---creating-the-application)
    - [Application information](#application-information)
    - [Environment information](#environment-information)
    - [Platform](#platform)
  - [Step 2 - Configure the basic Metabase architecture](#step-2---configure-the-basic-metabase-architecture)
    - [2.1 Enabling enhanced health checks](#21-enabling-enhanced-health-checks)
    - [2.2 Enabling VPC](#22-enabling-vpc)
    - [2.3 Final step and deploy](#23-final-step-and-deploy)
  - [Step 3 - Wait for your environment to start](#step-3---wait-for-your-environment-to-start)
- [Additional Options](#additional-options)
  - [Instance Details](#instance-details)
  - [PostgreSQL Metabase INSIDE Elastic Beanstalk configuration (not recommended)](#postgresql-metabase-inside-elastic-beanstalk-configuration-not-recommended)
  - [Permissions](#permissions)
  - [Set or change environment variables](#set-or-change-environment-variables)
  - [Notifications](#notifications)
- [Deploying New Versions of Metabase on Elastic Beanstalk](#deploying-new-versions-of-metabase-on-elastic-beanstalk)

# Running Metabase on AWS Elastic Beanstalk

> AWS Elastic Beanstalk has been a platform for easily deploying Metabase for a long time, however, we have changed this guide in order to provide better support and prevent users from using features from Elastic Beanstalk that will limit scaling Metabase easily in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Don't think we need this intro.

> The following guide will focus on deploying Metabase with a single instance and the embedded H2 database with the following components:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This quick launch setup is intended for testing purposes only, and is not intended for production use. We'll focus on deploying Metabase with a single instance and the embedded H2 database with the following components:
```
Let's let them know up front it's not for production.

- a region (where your Metabase application will exist)
- a network (where your application will reside and interact with other applications or servers if needed)
- a security group (a firewall, for keeping everything secure)
- a load balancer (to make this deployment future proof and also provide features like HTTPS or Web Application Firewall security features)
If you want to see a high-level architectural diagram of what you will achieve once you follow this guide, [click here](images/Metabase-AWS-H2.png)

> This architecture is the simplest one you can deploy but it is only prepared to test Metabase. Don't worry, this guide gives you all the information to configure this same architecture into something prepared for production workloads if you want to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

If you would like a reliable, scalable and fully managed Metabase, please consider [Metabase Cloud](https://www.metabase.com/start/hosted/).

## Quick Launch

> First of all you need to [download the file](https://downloads.metabase.com/{{ site.latest_version }}/launch-aws-eb.html) to upload to Elastic Beanstalk. This file contains the definition of Metabase docker image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Download the [Metabase Docker image](https://downloads.metabase.com/{{ site.latest_version }}/launch-aws-eb.html) to upload to Elastic Beanstalk.
```

Is that link correct?

> Metabase provides several pre-configured Elastic Beanstalk launch URL to help you get started with new installations. If you are starting fresh we recommend you follow this link in a new tab to begin creating the Elastic Beanstalk deployment with a few choices pre-filled. Then just follow the step-by-step instructions below to complete your installation. Choose your region based on the proximity of your users or if you have strict regulatory requirements that don't let you spin up servers in other countries:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Metabase provides several pre-configured Elastic Beanstalk launch URLs to help you get started. Open one of the links below in a new tab to create an Elastic Beanstalk deployment with a few choices pre-filled. Then just follow the step-by-step instructions below to complete your installation. 

Choose your region based on the proximity of your users, or if you have strict regulatory requirements that don't let you spin up servers in other countries:
```

- AP-Northeast-1 [Tokyo](https://console.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/home?region=ap-northeast-1#/newApplication?applicationName=Metabase&platform=Docker&environmentType=LoadBalancing&tierName=WebServer&instanceType=t3a.small&withVpc=true)
- AP-Northeast-2 [Seoul](https://console.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/home?region=ap-northeast-2#/newApplication?applicationName=Metabase&platform=Docker&environmentType=LoadBalancing&tierName=WebServer&instanceType=t3a.small&withVpc=true)
- AP-Southeast-1 [Singapore](https://console.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/home?region=ap-southeast-1#/newApplication?applicationName=Metabase&platform=Docker&environmentType=LoadBalancing&tierName=WebServer&instanceType=t3a.small&withVpc=true)
- AP-Southeast-2 [Sydney](https://console.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/home?region=ap-southeast-1#/newApplication?applicationName=Metabase&platform=Docker&environmentType=LoadBalancing&tierName=WebServer&instanceType=t3a.small&withVpc=true)

> - SA-east-1 [São Paulo](https://console.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/home?region=sa-east-1#/newApplication?applicationName=Metabase&platform=Docker&environmentType=LoadBalancing&tierName=WebServer&instanceType=t3a.small&withVpc=true)

Reviewer 3: If you're going to list regions, I'd suggest you list all of them. A cursory glance shows you're missing (at least) `af-south-1` (:south_africa:) and `me-south-1`. I also have a weak preference for keeping the code names lower cased, as AWS uses it everywhere.

Reviewer: Yes, but as af-south-1 and me-south-1 are not enabled by default (you have to enable them from the account settings), I didn't want to produce more friction in the experience, that's why I didn't list those

![Elastic Beanstalk Environment Information](images/EBNewEnvironmentInformation.png)

### Platform

![Elastic Beanstalk Platform](images/EBBaseConfig.png)

While most of the fields here will be correctly pre-filled by following the launch URL above, you'll just need to do two things:

- First, make sure `Platform` is set to `Docker`, with the platform branch dropdown set to `Docker running on 64bit Amazon Linux 2` and Platform version to the one that has a `(Recommended)` tag.
- Next, change the `Application code` setting to `Upload your code`

![Elastic Beanstalk Base Configuration](images/EBUploadYourCode.png)

> - On the Source Code Origin section click the `Choose file` button with the `Local File` radio button selected and upload the file you dowloaded previously (metabase-aws-eb.zip):

Reviewer: In fact the one that we had is a CloudFront URL that is served 99% sure from a S3 bucket, but IDK why AWS does not recognize it as an S3 URL and returns an error, so I played safe here

![Elastic Beanstalk Environment Information](images/EBNewEnvironmentInformation.png)

### Platform

While most of the fields here will be correctly pre-filled by following the launch URL above, you'll just need to do two things:

> - First, make sure `Platform` is set to `Docker`, with the platform branch dropdown set to `Docker running on 64bit Amazon Linux 2` and Platform version to the one that has a `(Recommended)` tag.
> - Next, change the `Application code` setting to `Upload your code`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Make sure **Platform** is set to `Docker`, with the platform branch dropdown set to `Docker running on 64bit Amazon Linux 2`, and Platform version to the one that has a `(Recommended)` tag.
2. Change the **Application code** setting to `Upload your code`.
```

![Elastic Beanstalk Base Configuration](images/EBUploadYourCode.png)

> - On the Source Code Origin section click the `Choose file` button with the `Local File` radio button selected and upload the file you dowloaded on the very beginning of this guide (metabase-aws-eb.zip):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- In the **Source code origin** section click the `Choose file` button with the `Local File` radio button selected and upload the file you dowloaded at the very beginning of this guide (`metabase-aws-eb.zip`):
```

![Elastic Beanstalk Base Configuration](images/EBUploadZipFile.png)

> These settings will run the Metabase application using [Docker](https://www.docker.com) under the hood, using the official Metabase Docker image which is [published on Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/metabase/metabase/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These settings will run the Metabase application using the [official Metabase Docker image on Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/metabase/metabase/).
```

> You can now go ahead and click `Review and launch` and you will be directed to a page with many sections where you will have to do a bit more configuration to launch your instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click **Review and launch**.  You'll be directed to a page to configure and launch your instance.
```

## Step 2 - Configure the basic Metabase architecture

### 2.1 Enabling enhanced health checks

> You will need to enable enhanced health checks for your Elastic Beanstalk environment as this will tell the load balancer that the environment is healthy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up your load balancer, you'll need to enable enhanced health checks for your Elastic Beanstalk environment. 
```

Click on the `Edit` link under the Load Balancer section as seen here:

![Elastic Beanstalk Monitoring](images/EBLoadBalancerEdit.png)

> In the Processes section, select the default process and click on `Actions` -> Edit

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the Processes section, select the default process and click on `Actions` -> Edit.
```

![Elastic Beanstalk Monitoring Process](images/EBProcessesSection.png)

> The `Health check path` is where the Load balancer asks the application if its healthy so it can send traffic to. Set this path to `/api/health`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Health check path** is where the Load balancer asks the application if its healthy so it can send traffic to. Set this path to `/api/health`
```

![Elastic Beanstalk Monitoring endpoint](images/EBProcessEditEndpointHealth.png)

> After configuring this health check you can click on `Save` at the bottom of the page

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After configuring this health check you can click on `Save` at the bottom of the page.
```

### 2.2 Enabling VPC

> A Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) is a virtual network that will be logically isolated for the resources that you put inside. Inside these VPC's you can create subnets, firewall rules, route tables and many more. It's one of the foundational features of AWS and you can learn more about it [here](https://aws.amazon.com/vpc/faqs/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) is a virtual network you can use to isolate resources. Inside these VPC's, you can create subnets, firewall rules, route tables and many more. It's one of the foundational features of AWS, and you can learn more about it [here](https://aws.amazon.com/vpc/faqs/)
```

> You must enable your Application to exist in a VPC, otherwise you will receive an error when creating it. To use a VPC, head to the Network section in the configuration and click on the `Edit` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must enable your Application to exist in a VPC, otherwise you'll receive an error when creating it. To use a VPC, head to the **Network** section in the configuration and click on the `Edit` button.
```

> You must enable your Application to exist in a VPC, otherwise you will receive an error when creating it. To use a VPC, head to the Network section in the configuration and click on the `Edit` button.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You must configure your Application to launch in a VPC, otherwise you will receive an error when creating it. To use a VPC, head to the Network section in the configuration and click on the `Edit` button.
```

> ... otherwise you will receive an error when creating it.

This doesn't seem accurate. What error will I receive, and why? Is a VPC a requirement? If so, rather say that.

![Elastic Beanstalk Network section](images/EBNetworkSection.png)

> Once inside the Network configuration you need to select the VPC where the Application will exist. If you haven't created a VPC, then AWS creates a `default` VPC per Region that you can use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once inside the Network configuration, you need to select the VPC where the Application will exist. If you haven't created a VPC, then AWS creates a `default` VPC per region that you can use.
```

> You need to select __at least__ 2 zones where the Load Balancer will balance the traffic and also __at least__ 1 zone where the instance will exist. There has to be a zone in common for the balancer to send traffic to a living instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need to select __at least__ 2 zones where the Load Balancer will balance the traffic, and  __at least__ 1 zone where the instance will exist. For the load balancer to send traffic to a living instance, there has to be a zone in common.
```

![Elastic Beanstalk Networking configuration](images/EBNetworkingConfig.png)

> After configuring the zones where the Load Balancer will exist and the ones that the application will live, click `Save` at the bottom of the page. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After configuring the zones for both the load balancer and the application, click **Save** at the bottom of the page. 
```

### 2.3 Final step and deploy

> Now go to the Capacity section and click `Edit`
> ![Elastic Beanstalk Networking configuration](images/EBCapacity.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now go to the Capacity section and click **Edit**.

![Elastic Beanstalk Networking configuration](images/EBCapacity.png)
```

![Elastic Beanstalk Networking configuration](images/EBCapacityModified.png)

Now click on `Save` at the bottom of the page and you can now click on `Create App` at the end of the Configuration page to start creating the environment.

## Step 3 - Wait for your environment to start

This can take a little while depending on AWS. It’s not uncommon to see this take 10-15 minutes, so feel free to do something else and come back to check on it. What's happening here is each part of the environment is being provisioned with AWS's infrastructure automation functionality named CloudFormation (so you can see the detailed progress for the creation of your environment if you open CloudFormation in another tab).

When it's all done you should see something like this:

![ebcomplete](images/EBComplete.png)

To see your new Metabase instance, simply click on the link under your environment name in the top-left (it will end with `.elasticbeanstalk.com`)

Now that you’ve installed Metabase, it’s time to [set it up and connect it to your database](../setting-up-metabase.md).

> # Additional Options

Reviewer 3: I see this is the original term, but how about changing it to something like _Optional extras_?

There are many ways to customize your Elastic Beanstalk deployment, but commonly modified settings include:

## Instance Details

- `Instance type` (`Instances` block) is for picking the size of AWS instance you want to run. We recommend **at least** `t3a.small` for most uses. You can always [scale](https://www.metabase.com/learn/data-diet/analytics/metabase-at-scale.html) vertically by changing this configuration.

> - `EC2 key pair` (`Security` block) is only needed if you want to SSH into your instance directly which is __not recommended__

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `EC2 key pair` (`Security` block) is only needed if you want to SSH into your instance directly which is __not recommended__.
```

Did you mean to use italics for emphasis here? Then it should be a single `_` on either side. If you meant for it to be bold, it's probably best to keep it consistent with other styling (`**`).

> ## PostgreSQL Metabase INSIDE Elastic Beanstalk configuration (not recommended)

Reviewer 3: This title reads a bit awkwardly. How about this?

```suggestion
## Application database in Elastic Beanstalk environment (not recommended)
```

Then, I think it would also help to explain what is meant by this approach, before explaining why it's not recommended.

> This was the recommended step in the previous versions of the configuration of Metabase in Elastic Beanstalk, however, as AWS Elastic Beanstalk creates a CloudFormation template when you hit the `Create App` button, this means that the database will be created with the Elastic Beanstalk stack and removed when you remove the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you hit the `Create App` button, AWS Elastic Beanstalk creates a CloudFormation template.  This template means that the database will be created with the Elastic Beanstalk stack, and removed when you remove the application.
```

If you want to use a production-grade database based on best practices to persist all Metabase configurations you have to [create one in RDS separately](creating-RDS-database-on-AWS.html) or manage your own on a separate server and then connect the Elastic Beanstalk instance/s with the RDS database through [environment variables](#set-or-change-environment-variables).

> If you want to continue on this path and you know what you are doing, then: look for the Database configuration pane as below. and click on the `Edit` button.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you want to continue on this path and you know what you are doing, then: look for the **Database** configuration pane as below. and click on the `Edit` button.
```

![Elastic Beanstalk Database Configuration Options](images/EBDatabaseConfigurationOptions.png)

The database settings screen will give you a number of options for your application database. Regarding individual settings, we recommend:

- `Snapshot` should be left as `None`.

> - `Engine` should be set to `postgres`. Metabase also supports MySQL/Maria DB as backing databases but **only** on a separate running RDS connected via [environment variables](#set-or-change-environment-variables). Trying to follow these steps and selecting MySQL will result in an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `Engine` should be set to `postgres`. Metabase also supports MySQL/Maria DB as backing databases, but **only** on a separate running RDS connected via [environment variables](#set-or-change-environment-variables). Trying to follow these steps and selecting MySQL will result in an error.
```

- `Engine version` can simply be left on the default, which should be the latest version.
- For `Instance class` you can choose any size, but we recommend `db.t2.small` or larger for production installs. Metabase is pretty efficient so there is no need to make this a big instance.
- You can safely leave `Storage` to the default size.

> - Pick a `Username` and `Password` for your database. We suggest you hold onto these credentials in a password manager, as it can be useful for things like backups or troubleshooting. These settings will be automatically made available to your Metabase instance, so you will not need to put them in anywhere manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Pick a `Username` and `Password` for your database. We suggest you hold onto these credentials in a password manager, as they can be useful for things like backups or troubleshooting. These settings will be automatically made available to your Metabase instance.
```

> You will need to enable enhanced health checks for your Beanstalk Monitoring.

Reviewer: Added the reason in the latest commit

Click on the `Edit` link under the Load Balancer section as seen here:

![Elastic Beanstalk Monitoring](images/EBLoadBalancerEdit.png)

The `Health check path` is how Elastic Beanstalk knows when the application is ready to run. This path is also used by the Load Balancer to check application heath. Set this path to `/api/health` in the Processes section.

![Elastic Beanstalk Monitoring Process](images/EBProcessesSection.png)

Select the default process and click on `Actions` -> Edit and change the Path from `/` to `/api/health`

![Elastic Beanstalk Monitoring endpoint](images/EBProcessEditEndpointHealth.png)

After configuring this health check you can click on `Save` at the bottom of the page

#### Enabling VPC

> You must enable your Application to exist in a VPC unless you will receive an error when creating it. To use a VPC, head to the Network section in the configuration and click on the `Edit` button:

Reviewer 2: We might want to include a one-liner about what a VPC is (and a link to learn more), and why we need to enable it (beyond just "you'll receive an error").

Reviewer: done! thank!

![Elastic Beanstalk Network section](images/EBNetworkSection.png)

> Once inside the Network configuration you need to select the VPC where the Application will exist. If you haven't created one then the default one will suffice.

Reviewer 2: If you haven't created one what?

Reviewer: described more this part, thanks!

![Elastic Beanstalk Networking configuration](images/EBNetworkingConfig.png)

After configuring the zones where the Load Balancer will exist and the ones that the application will live, click `Save` at the bottom of the page. 

#### Final step and deploy

Now go to the Capacity section and click `Edit`
![Elastic Beanstalk Networking configuration](images/EBCapacity.png)

The only change you need to do here is to reduce the number of Instances from 4 (the default number) to 1, as we still don't have a centralized database where Metabase will save all of its configurations and will be using only the embedded H2 database. If you want to use a database to persist all Metabase configurations you have to create one in RDS.

![Elastic Beanstalk Networking configuration](images/EBCapacityModified.png)

Now click on `Save` at the bottom of the page and you can now click on `Create App` at the end of the Configuration page to start creating the environment.

### Additional Options

> #### Configuring RDS for Metabase INSIDE ElasticBeanstalk (not recommended)

Reviewer: I left it just for being consistent with older versions of the documentation

Once you've entered a password and clicked `Save`, the red outline on the Database box should have gone away, indicating that the application is valid and ready to be launched.

> #### Configuring RDS for Metabase OUTSIDE ElasticBeanstalk (recommended)

Reviewer: I removed this entire section and took it to another page specifically for RDS and the decoupling of Elastic Beanstalk RDS

> In AWS Console, enter RDS in the search box or select the service from the dropdown button on the top left of the page.

Reviewer: I removed the word "Console" from the documentation and replaced it by "page". This dichotomy happens as well in my Cloud Computing classes in the University where my students believe that a "Console" is a terminal in the computer while it's only AWS page while logged-in

Once inside RDS, click on the `Create database` button
![RDS Create Database](images/RDSCreateDatabase.png)

> On the Create Database menu, you have to select MySQL or PostgreSQL as engine types, as these two are the ones that Metabase support as the Application Database (where Metabase will save all of its configurations). For this example we will choose PostgreSQL on its latest version available in AWS at this time (12.4-R1)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the Create Database menu, under **Chose a database creation method**, select "Standard create". Under **Engine options**, select "PostgreSQL." This application database will store all of Metabase's configurations, dashboards, questions, etc. 
```

Do we need to mention MySQL?

Reviewer: I changed this part as well in the latest commit and made bullet points for each section

> ![RDS Postgres Selection](images/RDSPostgresSelection.png)

Reviewer 2: Do we need this screenshot?

As a rule, try to describe, succinctly, what people need to do, and only then think: is that sufficient, or would the addition of a screenshot significantly improve what I need to communicate?

Reviewer: wiped a couple of screenshots, you are absolutely right, as this is my first guide I'm being screenshotholic

On the Templates section, you can leave `Production` selected or choose any other option that better suits your needs.
![RDS Templates Section](images/RDSTemplatesSection.png)

On the Settings section, you need to type unique identifier for your database and a master password that you will need to preserve for configuring it on the Metabase instances later on this guide.
![RDS Templates Section](images/RDSPostgresSettings.png)

On the instance size section, you can choose any instance size that will fit your needs. As this is the application database for Metabase, the sizing of the RDS instance depends on the number of Metabase instances that will be connected to this database, number of users that are using Metabase at once and the number of questions, dashboards and configurations that are saved.

> ![RDS Instance size](images/RDSInstanceSize.png)

Reviewer 2: Can we make any recommendations here re: sizing?

Reviewer: yup, made it on the latest commit

On production deployments, you should be using a Multi-AZ(Availability Zone) cluster, as this will ensure that the database does not goes down in case there is an issue on a single availability zone 
![RDS MultiAZ](images/RDSMultiAZ.png)

> On the Connectivity section, you have to ensure that you are deploying the database in the same VPC as the one you deployed the Metabase instance, otherwise they won't be able to see each other. You have to select to create a VPC security group on the section, as you will need to grant access from Metabase instance to the database on the port that listens for connections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the Connectivity section, you have to ensure that you are deploying the database in the same VPC as the one you deployed the Metabase instance, otherwise they won't be able to see each other. 
```
The sentence "You have to select to create a VPC security group on the section, as you will need to grant access from Metabase instance to the database on the port that listens for connections" is unclear.

Reviewer: done! made that change and added a bulleted list on the latest commit

![RDS VPC Security Groups](images/RDSVPCSecurityGroup.png)

On the Additional configuration section you have to specify an `Initial database name` as this will be the database that Metabase will use for all of its configurations. From here you can also configure the backup window in case you need to restore the backups at some point in time.
![RDS Initial Database](images/RDSInitialDatabase.png)

> Once this is done, click on the `Create database` button on the lower right part of the page and wait for the database to be created (this can take several minutes).

Reviewer 2: Once what is done?

Reviewer: changed it to "When you have completed all these configurations", thanks!

Once the database status is Available, you need to click on the DB identifier:
![RDS DB Identifier](images/RDSDBIdentifier.png)

> On the page that appears after you click on the database identifer you will see on the center of the page the Connectivity & Security section that will provide you with the `Endpoint` that you will need to give to Metabase to use in order to connect to this database we just created
> ![RDS Connection Data](images/RDSConnectionData.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the page that appears after you click on the database identifer, you will see on the center of the page the **Connectivity & Security** section. This section will provide you with the **Endpoint** that Metabase needs to connect to the application database we just created.

![RDS Connection Data](images/RDSConnectionData.png)
```

Reviewer: thanks! changed it for the latest commit!

> Also, in the Security group rules section, you will see the Security Group that was created but it will have a rule that allows only one IP address to access the database. You need to change this rule to allow access to the ElasticBeanstalk environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the **Security group rules** section, you'll see the Security Group that was created, but the group will have a rule that allows only one IP address to access the database. You need to change this rule to allow access to the ElasticBeanstalk environment.
```

Reviewer: changed for the latest commit!

![RDS Security Group Rules](images/RDSsecurityGroupRules.png)

> You have to click on the INBOUND rule and on the page that opens click again on the Inbound rules tab on the lower part of the page to configure the rule for the database
> ![RDS Security Group Rules](images/RDSInboundRule.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure the rule for the database, select the INBOUND rule, then click on the Inbound rules tab on the lower part of the page.

![RDS Security Group Rules](images/RDSInboundRule.png)
```

> When you click on Inbound Rules, you need to click on `Edit Inbound Rules` button that appears on the right side of the section
> ![RDS Edit Inbound Rule](images/RDSEditInboundRule.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you click on Inbound Rules, you need to click on `Edit Inbound Rules` button that appears on the right side of the section.

![RDS Edit Inbound Rule](images/RDSEditInboundRule.png)
```

> On edit page you need to delete the IP address that appears as default and add the security group that the ElasticBeanstalk has (you can easily idenfy it as the Security group name will have the keyword AWSEBSecurityGroup on its name). Once you add this click the `Save rules button`
> ![RDS Edit Inbound Rule](images/RDSEditInboundRuleSG.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

On the edit page, you need to delete the IP address that appears as default, then add the security group that the ElasticBeanstalk has (the Security group name will have the keyword AWSEBSecurityGroup  in its name). Once you add this security group, click the `Save rules button`.

![RDS Edit Inbound Rule](images/RDSEditInboundRuleSG.png)
```

Reviewer: thanks!

Now you can go to the Metabase ElasticBeanstalk deployment and add the RDS instance as the Application Database with Environment variables under the Software configuration

> ![EB Environment Variables](images/EBEnvVariables.png)

Reviewer 2: This is a big sentence.

Reviewer: changed it a bit, thanks!

![ebiamrole](images/EBIAMRole.png)

## Set or change environment variables

> In order to configure environment variables for your Elastic Beanstalk deployment, (e.g: [to connect the deployment to a separate RDS database](creating-RDS-database-on-AWS.html)) click on your Metabase environment in Elastic Beanstak, go to Configuration -> Software and you will find Environment Properties in the bottom. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to configure environment variables for your Elastic Beanstalk deployment (e.g., [to connect the deployment to a separate RDS database](creating-RDS-database-on-AWS.html)), click on your Metabase environment in Elastic Beanstak, go to Configuration -> Software, and look for the Environment Properties in the bottom. 
```

> From here you will be able to set or change the variables for configuring many properties of how [your Metabase deployment works](https://metabase.com/docs/latest/operations-guide/environment-variables.html)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

In the Environment Properties section, you'll be able to set or change the variables for [configuring your Metabase deployment](https://metabase.com/docs/latest/operations-guide/environment-variables.html)
```

![EB Environment Variables](images/EBEnvVariables.png)

## Notifications

> Enter an `Email address` (`Notifications` block) to get notifications about your deployments and changes to your application. This is a very simple way to keep tabs on your Metabase environment, so we recommend putting a valid email in here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a simple way to keep tabs on your application, enter an email address  in the **Notifications** block to get notifications about your deployment and any changes to your application.. 
```

![ebiamrole](images/EBIAMRole.png)

## Set or change environment variables

In order to configure environment variables for your Elastic Beanstalk deployment (e.g., [to connect the deployment to a separate RDS database](creating-RDS-database-on-AWS.html)), click on your Metabase environment in Elastic Beanstak, go to Configuration -> Software, and look for the Environment Properties in the bottom. 

> In the Environment Properties section, you'll be able to set or change the variables for [configuring your Metabase deployment](https://metabase.com/docs/latest/operations-guide/environment-variables.html)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the Environment Properties section, you'll be able to set or change the variables for [configuring your Metabase deployment](https://metabase.com/docs/latest/operations-guide/environment-variables.html).
```

![EB Environment Variables](images/EBEnvVariables.png)

## Notifications

> For a simple way to keep tabs on your application, enter an email address  in the **Notifications** block to get notifications about your deployment and any changes to your application.. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For a simple way to keep tabs on your application, enter an email address  in the **Notifications** block to get notifications about your deployment and any changes to your application.
```

  - Click the `Deploy` button to begin the deployment.
  - Wait until all deployment activities are completed, then verify the deployment by accessing the Metabase application URL.

> Once a new version is deployed you can safely delete the old Application Version if desired. We recommend keeping at least one previous version available for a while in case you desire to revert for any reason.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once a new version is deployed, you can safely delete the old Application Version. We recommend keeping at least one previous version available for a while in case you want to revert for any reason.
```
